{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15180\viewh12100\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 From Agnes:\
\
**UNITS** = AU, AU/day, radians, rads/day\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The name structure is I1_AA110418amALKHQP_EMB_0_derivoutcar.dat where \cb1 \
\cb3 a) I1_AA110418a = name of the solution\cb1 \
\cb3 b) m = integration before J2000 and *p* = integration after j2000\cb1 \
\cb3 c) ALKHQP_EMB_0_ = partial relative to the A of the EMB. You will find files from 0 to 5 (from A to P) and for _Jup_,_Sat_, _Ura_,_Nep_,_Sun_, _EMB_\cb1 \
\
\cb3 As I put only the partials relative the outer planets and earth-moon barycenter (EMB) ALKHQP and relative to Sun PV (cartesian XYZ and velocities), you should have 36 files before j2000 and 36 files after j2000.\cb1 \
\cb3 If you think you also need partials relative to Mercury, Venus and Mars ALKHQP, tell me. I will add them.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Inside each file, you will find the partials for the orbits of all the planets + sun, moon and moon libration angles.\cb1 \
\cb3 It is organized by blocks of 13 lines.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 The first line of the block is the date in days from J2000.\cb1 \
\cb3 The second line contains partials in X,Y,Z,VX,VY,VZ of Mercury relative to ALKHQP_EMB_0 at the date given in line 1.\cb1 \
\cb3 The third  line contains partials in X,Y,Z,VX,VY,VZ of Venus relative to ALKHQP_EMB_0 at the date given in line 1.\cb1 \
\cb3 etc...\cb1 \
\cb3 You will find partials of Mercury, Venus, EMB, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune, Pluto, Moon  relative to Earth, Sun relative to SSB, moon Libration angles, in that order.}